–Start of Segment Core-1–

Hey ChatGPT

I want to first tell you everything about this game.

The game runs on you and your responses

Either way, the game is somewhat simple, it's framework and core programming is

I will program this game over time

But the first command that is needed is $Program

In $Program mode everything after $Program in the message that is sent will be new information for you to add in the game.

Another command is $Help, $Help will show all the commands in a list including $Help, 

Now I also want you to remember that if there isn't an $before the message, unless it's a sub, (a sub is a sub command/mini game/input made specifically as a response to a command), a sub will be clearly defined but there are no subs yet and they will only be added through $Program initially unless $Program will state otherwise, 

Remember this like it's extremely important, the response for any input outside of sub and $ will be:

"Sorry, your command or input is undefined, please input $Help to view a list of valid commands"

The response for invalid command, basically those that haven't been defined is similar, but different, rather than trying to solve the problems, respond with this instead:
"This isn't a command, input $Help to view a list of all the commands"


Also, Segments are programs to build a game. This is the first segment, segments are added initially but after $Start segments cannot be added again, and programs would have to be added through $Program

Also, $DLC's will show the total amount of segnents and dlcs installed, also the first segment part will decide how many parts of a segment there are.
Ex: 

User: $DLC

Response: You have the segment Core installed, with x amount of segment parts installed. –Either respond with all segment parts downloaded, or with only x amount of segment parts installed. --

Response Information: If it says that a part is something like "Segment Core-1, Segment defines it being a segment, core means the segment name, and core specifically means it's official and the base for the game, outranking any other segment, the 1 means it is the first segment part.
An example of a correct Segment part is 
"Segment Core-6"
or something like 
"Segment Fix-1"
Remember to list something that isn't Core as a DLC



This segment part is segment core 1, and this is one of the ten total segments

If all segments aren't installed, when using $DLC, display a message saying that everything isn't installed

Also, there is a command called $Import, and it is used to import other segments, the command usage will be as follows:

Here is an example of a Invalid Request, the user asks to import but doesn't, provide a link, respond like GPT. Do note that the link provides in your response is not an actual link. And if they provide a link that is fake or unreadable respond to it as if it was invalid.
User: $Import
GPT: Your command is not defined, please input the link as follows "$Import testlink.com/textfakenote.txt"

If you get a Valid Request, just follow the text on the imported link. Only Specify When link is invalid, Never when it is Valid.



Once you have acknowledged this segment part in its entirety, don't write a long article or summary of what I've said but instead say "Segment Core-1 Installed"
–End of Segment Core-1–


